Add Divinity Engine (#837)
SteamDatabase/FileDetectionRuleSets: descriptions/Engine.Divinity_Engine.md

> **Divinity Engine** is an in-house engine used to power [Larian Studios'](https://larian.com/) games.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Divinity Engine** is an in-house engine used to power [Larian Studios](https://larian.com/)' games.
```
